Q: When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

A: It would be a good choice to do this if you want to share your work with other people, if you want to backup your work and have it saved somewehere
else than your local hard drive, when collaborating with other people on the same project.

Q: Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

A: When you are experimenting with your file. You dont want GitHub to save failed experiments, you want to manually save your experiment when it works. So automatic pushes are not helpful in this situation.

Q: Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

A: Forks - When you want to clone a github repository into your own github. This is useful when trying to edit a github repository where you have no permission to do so.

	Clone - When you want to download a github repository into your local repository. This can also be used to move repositories in your local hard drive.

	Branch - Works on one repository. Create a new branch to experiment with the files without altering the master branch. Useful when trying out implementing new features, when separating work in a team, etc.

Q: What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

A: This is an issue when you are collaborating with other people on the same repository. You would want to know what the last known state of the repository was to you so that you can easily spot the new updates brought in by your other collaboraters. Hence, you can get up to speed with the updates, or you can work on your version if you decide the updates are not necessary.

Q: How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

A: We would use some form of social media to communicate, maybe form a group and post all updates there. We could also meet in person and discuss all different ideas we have. It would be harder because small text differences in rly big files are hard to see and a person could not make a change without the approval of other team memberse because that would alter the integrity of the project. 
It would be easier to experiment, and for people to contribute. 
